Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
It is QuickpayNG's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our Mobile App. This Privacy Policy applies to QuickpayNG Mobile App (hereinafter, "us", "we", or "QuickpayNG Mobile App"). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Mobile App. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Mobile App, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Mobile App and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms of service posted on our Mobile App, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Mobile App. Depending on your activities when visiting our Mobile App, you may be required to agree to additional terms of service.
PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION
Certain users of QuickpayNG's Mobile App may choose to interact with QuickpayNG in ways that require QuickpayNG to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that QuickpayNG gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask users who want to use our products or services, as part of the registration process and usage of the QuickpayNG Mobile App, to provide their name, date of birth, bank account details, company and email address, etc.
SECURITY
The security of your Personal Information is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
ADVERTISEMENTS
Ads appearing on our Mobile App may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your mobile phone each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your mobile phone. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by QuickpayNG and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
LINKS TO EXTERNAL SITES
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms of service of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
QUICKPAYNG MAY USE GOOGLE ADWORDS FOR REMARKETING
QuickpayNG may use remarketing services to advertise on third party Mobile Apps (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It means that we could advertise to previous visitors who haven't completed a task on our Mobile App, for example failing to verify their QuickpayNG account. This may be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone's past visits. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google's privacy policy.
PROTECTION OF CERTAIN PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION
QuickpayNG discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors, clients and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on QuickpayNG's behalf or to provide services available at QuickpayNG's Mobile App, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors, clients and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using QuickpayNG's Mobile App, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. QuickpayNG will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors, clients and affiliated organizations, as described above, QuickpayNG discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when QuickpayNG believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of QuickpayNG, third parties or the public at large.
If you are a registered user of QuickpayNG Mobile App and have supplied your email address, QuickpayNG may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with QuickpayNG and our products. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. QuickpayNG takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
AGGREGATED STATISTICS
QuickpayNG may collect statistics about the behavior of users of its Mobile App. QuickpayNG may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, QuickpayNG does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
E-COMMERCE
Those who engage in transactions with QuickpayNG – by purchasing QuickpayNG's services or products, are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, QuickpayNG collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the user’s interaction with QuickpayNG. QuickpayNG does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And users can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Mobile App-related activities.
BUSINESS TRANSFERS
If QuickpayNG, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that QuickpayNG goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of QuickpayNG may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
Although most changes are likely to be minor, QuickpayNG may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and at QuickpayNG's sole discretion. QuickpayNG encourages users to frequently check this page, as often as monthly, for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
In compliance with changing regulations and laws, QuickpayNG may update its Privacy Policy from time to time. If and when it does, it shall notify data subjects via email or display a prominent notice on the Mobile App, prior to the change becoming effective. QuickpayNG shall ensure to review this Policy periodically for updates. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective once it is posted on this page.
CONTACT INFORMATION
For any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact QuickpayNG via hello@quickpayng.co
Last Updated on 21st September, 2023.

